---
layout: post
title: MyDomino.com
---

## Redesigning main website to increase lead conversion

Our website was in need of an overhaul, so I decided to take a inclusive approach to redesign the website. There were two main goals I wanted to achieve: validate our assumptions and update visual identity. I used GV's Design Sprint as a model for our design sprint.

## Day 1:Understand

### Existing Solutions
I started the process by gathering competitor design flows and put that side by side
with our current design. This way, I can make sure participants all start on the
same foot. This also helps eliminate repeating ideas that might come up during sketching.

### Initial Testing
Before the design sprint, I also ran some first impression tests on the old website to bring to
the kickoff. This lended some insight how we could improve our current design.

## Day 2: Sketching
Sketching removes a lot of personal attachment to an idea and places it into a picture. People are then having arguments on "this idea" rather than "who's idea". Usually, this step involves whiteboarding a large user story to dissect for the current sprint. However, our goal had already been reduced during Day 1, so we skipped this step.

#### Crazy Eights to Storyboards
We used Crazy Eights as a rapid sketching exercise to get everyone cranking out ideas quickly. We then created storyboards out of our strongest ideas.

Note: Getting other people to sketch out ideas is actually quite difficult. I tried doing a "test round" this time and it worked out really well. Sometimes, people need to warm-up before diving straight into the task.

## Day 3: Design

### Prototype

After sketching, there came about a flow that resonated with all us. We made an assumption that if users understood what we were offering, they would be more likely to become a lead. Our prototype consists of having a multiple step process that guides the user through questions. We found that this process would greatly prep concierges before they contacted our users.

### Testing & Learning

With our prototype I took it through a 5-second test to see what impression people had about the website. The results were overwhelmingly on track of what we had assumed. The other half of our assumption was tested through quickly building out a landing page. Here were some of our findings:

- Conversion Rate
- Bounce Rate
- Although the sign-up flow was longer, it lead to more sign-ups

## Design Sprint Wrap-Up

We eventually spent the next week building out the sign-up flow and then the prototype replaced our old design.
Moving forward, we're planning on building out the rest of the site and improving the sign-up flow.
